2026 elections (#511)
open-feature/community: Elections/2026/Election-Guidelines.md

To encourage diversity there will be a maximum of one-third representation on the Governance Committee from any one company at any time.
If the outcomes of an election result in greater than 1/3 representation (or maximum of two, whichever is greater), the lowest vote getters from any particular company will be removed until representation on the committee is equal or less than one-third.

# Voting process

Anyone can track the 2026 election process via [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/open-feature/community/issues/512).
We will ensure that all documents and assets related to the 2026 election process are public.

For the 2026 elections, [Helios Voting](https://vote.heliosvoting.org/) was chosen as it's a hosted solution with cryptographic guarantees that no GC members can meddle with the results.

Helios voting also allows us to add GitHub handles to the list of voters in addition to email addresses.
We need this, as we count contributions based on GitHub contributions and do not always have the contributor's email address.
The disadvantage of Helios is that it does not support ranked voting.

# Nominations

> Anybody is eligible to run for the Governance Committee. During the "call for nomination" period, people can be nominated or nominate themselves by expressing their interest in [this issue](TBD - GitHub issue link will be added) a Pull Request adding said candidate to the [Candidates.md](https://github.com/open-feature/community/blob/main/Elections/2026/Candidates.md) file in the OpenFeature community repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anybody is eligible to run for the Governance Committee. During the "call for nomination" period, people can be nominated or nominate themselves by expressing their interest in [this issue](https://github.com/open-feature/community/issues/512) a Pull Request adding said candidate to the [Candidates.md](https://github.com/open-feature/community/blob/main/Elections/2026/Candidates.md) file in the OpenFeature community repository.
```
